Bug 1315558 documentation for the publicSuffix API (#44401)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/publicsuffix/index.md

---
title: publicSuffix
slug: Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/API/publicSuffix
page-type: webextension-api
browser-compat: webextensions.api.publicSuffix
sidebar: addonsidebar
---

Use the `publicSuffix` API to work with domain names and public suffixes (effective top-level domains, or eTLDs) from the [Public Suffix List](https://publicsuffix.org/). Because the browser's built-in Public Suffix List is always up to date, extensions don't need to bundle a copy.

Common use cases include:

> - Identifying the registrable domain (eTLD+1) of a hostname to group related domains or detect third-party requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Identifying the [registrable domain](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Registrable_domain) (eTLD+1) of a hostname to group related domains or detect third-party requests.
```

Author: ```suggestion
- Identifying the {{Glossary("Registrable_domain")}} (eTLD+1) of a hostname to group related domains or detect third-party requests.
```

- Checking whether a hostname is itself a public suffix.
- Extracting the public suffix portion of a hostname.

> To use this API, include the `"publicSuffix"` [optional permission](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/optional_permissions) in your extension's manifest. This permission doesn't require user approval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this API, you need to have the `"publicSuffix"` [permission](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/permissions).
```

Doesn't have to be optional. And we usually don't call out the presence/absence of permission messages unless notable.

Author: ```suggestion
To use this API, you must have the `"publicSuffix"` [permission](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/permissions).
```

This API is only available in background scripts. It is not available in content scripts.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The default assumption is that the methods are unavailable in content scripts. And calling out background scripts specifically excludes other extension contexts, which is misleading.
